{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;\red60\green60\blue59;
\red252\green249\blue230;\red194\green126\blue101;\red23\green23\blue23;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c30196\c30196\c29804;
\cssrgb\c99216\c98039\c92157;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15780\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 npm init -y   (installs package.json without questions)\
package.json   (human friendly, just shows summary)\
package-lock.json   (shows everything what are under hood)\
\
1. create folder\
2. npm init -y\
3. npm install \
4. setup environment (dependencies)\
5. create html file\
6. git init   put repo\
7. touch .gitignore  (don\'92t want GitHub to keep tell me list of files when git status)\
8. create list on html \
9. git push
\fs20 \

\fs24 10.
\fs20  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://babeljs.io/docs/en/usage"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://babeljs.io/docs/en/usage}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2   \

\fs24 \cf3 \ulnone 11.
\fs20  
\f0\fs24 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 npm install --save-dev @babel/core @babel/cli @babel/preset-env\
12. nom install -g @babel/cli\
13. \'93transpire\'94 in package.json\
14. lookup \'97preset @babel/preset-env on babbles.io website\
15. npm run transpire\
16. npm i --save-dev @babel/preset-react\
17. add to babel script \'93
\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 --ignore=node_modules, lib --source-maps inline
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \'94\
18.npm install react react-do\
19. add \'91-w\'92 to babel\
20. can react and download first 2 links\
21. to be familiar with webpack - need to go to web pack.js.org and got to guides => getting started => asset management .setup, loading css \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 \
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 22. Try to render simple thing to DOM\
23. Create App class\
24. Get rid of @babel/preset-env and add type=\'91module\'92 on html file\
25. Go too www.react.documentation => search for \'91forms\'92 \
\
\
}